we
on the artist in hell
a child named like that in mind
the editor my brother
we were so good I do not know
same time as tremblay but three
of them were there
ap
we will
evene they call me
we shouted his name I love you
at
my head to head
for me
m
in the lead on November 30
she will not leave you alone
for which honor
and
to break mountains
after the whole earth to make debate
a hedge at mass for the series
against me and feeling too disappointed
comac on the horizon because it's the very
big and bank
the evening
but
m
thank you titus thank you booba good I got
a bit messed up at the end and I still
correct my pace a bit and I did
compared to what you told me titus
titus and francs for the forum
I did the fundamental with the third
the card the fifth I leaned
it's very very interesting and
it's true that the chords it sounds
better when the notes are played with the
fundamental and its notes what bein
it's super nice thank you to all of you
make booba tatum -attack attack I
did I see that it's not intact to
all I do one that one thinks of me
finally me because I like
that they spend a lot of it's inches that
go down an inch clearly of all who
go down all cases of 3 4 1 2 3 4
tac and index island fayard around the
movement actually 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 1/2 own way there I
like they will go to Lille 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 or do it also with a
armouring
here it is and ben good weekend and
kisses forum ciao